Let's look at some
wrapper methods.
Wrapper methods work
all differently.
It stores supervised method,
but we're going to use this with
a model and there's
different ways to do it.
But basically you're
iterating through,
it's a search method against
the features that you have
using a model as the measure
of their effectiveness.
We can do it through
forward elimination
and we'll talk about
this in a second.
Forward elimination,
backward elimination or
recurrent feature elimination.
Let's take a look at these.
We start with all of our feature,
regenerate a subset
of those features,
and we'll talk about how
that gets generated,
that gets given to our model.
The results that is
generated from that model is
then used to generate
the next subset.
That becomes this
feedback loop to select
the best subset of
our features using our
model as a measure.
That gives us the performance of
the final best subset
that is selected.
There's different
wrapper methods,
forward selection and
backwards selection and
recursive feature selection or
recursive feature
elimination rather,
these can all be used to
select a subset that we just
looked at through each iteration
of that feedback loop.
For forward selection it's
an iterative, greedy method.
We start with one
feature, it's greedy,
and then we evaluate the
model performance and
we add one at a time features.
We're adding, we're gradually
building up this feature vector,
one feature at a time,
starting with just one feature.
We try to add the next feature
that gives the best performance,
but we're going to measure that
to see what the result is.
We keep repeating
this until there's
no improvement and
then we know that
we've generated the best
subset of our feature.
Backward elimination, well,
if you think about it,
we just looked at
forward elimination.
Backward elimination starts
with all of the features
and evaluates the
model performance
when removing feature.
It's exactly what you might think
from the name one at a time.
We remove the next feature,
trying to get to better
performance with
less features and we
keep doing that until
there's no improvement.
Recursive feature
elimination, we select
a model to use for evaluating
feature importance.
We select the desired number of
features and we fit them up.
We rank the features
by importance.
We need to have a method
of assigning importance to
those features and then we
discard the least
important features.
We keep doing that
until we get down to
the number of features that
we're looking to target.
An important aspect of this is
that we need to
have a measurement
of feature importance in
our model and not all
models are able to do that.
For recursive
feature elimination,
this is what the code
might look like.
Again, we're pulling in
our data and splitting
it with train and test,
and pulling out the labels
from our data as well.
We have X and Y,
why you're going to
scale it because it's
always a good idea.
Then we're going to use a
random forest classifier.
A random forest
classifier is one of
the model types where we can
get the feature importance.
In this case we're
using entropy as
the metric and we're initializing
it with a random state.
We're going to apply
our random feature
elimination trying to get to
20 features with our
model that gets fitted.
That's going to do
that elimination and that
results in the list of
features that we've selected.
Those are the names of the
features that we've selected,
the 20 features that
we were looking
for to eliminate all
but 20 of our features.
Then we're going
to use that to do
the evaluation to
get the final value.
How does that look compared
to our other examples?
Well, so recursive
feature elimination
also got two of our 20 features.
The accuracy was quite a
bit better than it
was for univariate,
in fact, it's as
good as correlation.
The AUC also as good as
correlation, which is great.
The precision also as good,
I would say as correlation,
it doesn't go quite so far out,
but that's for precision.
For recall, exactly the same,
for the F1 score is
actually slightly better.
I mean, just barely,
but slightly better.
We've gotten to fewer features,
we did it with 20 features
instead of 21 for correlation.
That recursive
feature elimination
is now our best result.